Now we will meet with one
well-known Muscovite hope Bukhara wai
her maiden name was grape
the sports world, it is known as
Olympic champion in sports
gymnastics
she also works for ali anos scam
Electromechanical Plant 1971
43 years big floor she still
continues to work there from these forty
three years she was 14 years old followers
primary organization wog at the factory
she has a strong character she fights for
rights of the deaf
about it already wrote crap and the world of the deaf
sometime
1969 she participated in the Olympic
games and won two gold medals
one silver and one bronze 1973
year disgusted gymnastics eliminated
they said that gymnastics is not suitable for
deaf and hope gone and port but she
continues to lead an active lifestyle
enters hiking consoles you visit
activities dancing circles now she
mother of an adult daughter
grandmother of two grandchildren and generally interesting
a woman now she herself you all
tell tell about yourself i was born in
1950 in Moscow in a complete family with me
were dad mom grandparents
got sick with meningitis in childhood and lost
I was hearing then eight months
I grew deaf further
studied in the second school lived then on
Belarusian
the school was near after the fifth
class I was transferred to that first school in
close and there I studied before graduation
12th grade how did you become engaged
gymnastics
I have long dreamed about it and once
lebowski evgeny arkadevich on
physical education at school selected future
gymnasts we stood before him thin and
fat all different were me at once
I chose I was very glad but guys
they said that I would quickly exclude
worried
the mood was no coach saw that
I boldly and perform various exercises
and he considered me very capable once
mom came to pick me up
and I took her to physical education coach
mom asks is your daughter mom
confirmed and the trainer told her that I
very capable and recommended further
do gymnastics
mom's plans were other works a lot we
it was discussed and agreed that Lebovsky
will drive me to school 30
where we studied hearing impaired and we regularly
began to go there there was a lot
guys I was shy them guys asked
at labels about me he answered them
that i'm capable and and brave girl all
exercises performed without problems but I
shy and did not communicate with other mother
at first very worried about my
health and indeed health was
not ideal often visited doctors and
sick doctors on the contrary advised sports
to do so as not to be ill
happened health got better i did
sporting career and became a champion
show what you remember about the Olympics
the trainer lebowski was preparing for the Olympiad
Mondays Wednesdays and Fridays
trained deaf and on Tuesdays
Thursdays and Saturdays we trained with
hearing
and no one told the coach about it
I wanted us to go to the Olympics
the load was big I was very tired
with deafs trained and separately with
hearing together with galea borisovoy
we went to the gym every day
the guys at school asked me getting ready
I told the Olympiad that I did not
can handle and not get to the Olympics
competition was high especially
were strong guys from Rostov
I calmly treated such words
the main thing is that I loved sports and gymnastics
in general, I regularly attended training
and once there were fees
there is a lot of fuss coach for me
worried he knew that I exercise on
I do not tense very well
I see that the coach is also tense but I
completed all the exercises and took the second
the place after that was the coach for me
calm I got to the Olympiad
and after I got to the Olympiad
I received a gold medal for supporting pro
Zhok Borisova Galya received five medals
but the complete set consisted of 6 medals
one medal turned out to be my gal strongly
upset and even she cried very
I wanted to win a full set of medals
but I was lucky I did it right
technique performed by the coach then her
reassured then still vaganova connected
the process was not easy but everything
settled down it was fate I was lucky
win one gold medal in 1969
memoria you turn 65 you
happy with your life
when was the restructuring in the nineties
it was very difficult to live the value of money
there was a crisis the salary was
there was not much work even at the factory
we hung around and we were paid
it was hard to pay a penny for an apartment
I was forced to apply for a subsidy
bosses bad i'm all of them
dismissed and now the chiefs are young and
everything got better they are attentive and
fair and I support their opinion
Now I am pretty now living
better than before i'm happy i like
my life was not like this before
good as it is now
but